New connection details feature (#3165)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Databases/Cloud-Database/index.md

If you need to open for specific IP addresses, click the "Add New IP Address" button.

> When adding a new IP, it is now required to give it a name. This gives an overview of who the different IPs that have been added belongs to.

Reviewer: Removed 'now', as this feature will not continue to be new 😄 

```suggestion
When adding a new IP, it is required to give it a name. This gives an overview of who the different IPs that have been added belong to.
```
